(DOCSP-29612): Update Relationship model examples for v12 (#2973)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/node/model-data/relationships-and-embedded-objects.txt

defining a ``linkingObjects`` type in its schema. Remove the
``linkingObjects`` type from your schema, so your schemas look like a standard
**to-many** relationship. When you need to retrieve the linked object, call the
:js-sdk:`Realm.Object.linkingObjects() <classes/Object.html#linkingObjects>`
query.

.. example::
   
   In the following continuation from the inverse relationship example, we 
   have removed the ``manufacturer`` field with type 'linkingObjects' from 
   the ``Car`` schema. An application developer creates several manufacturers 

>    and car objects, and the application pushes the newly created cars into a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   and car objects, and the application pushes the newly-created cars into a 
```

   manufacturer's ``cars`` field. 
   

>    To find the manufacturer who makes a specific car object, the developer 
>    calls the ``.linkingObjects()`` method and passes the "Manufacturer" 
>    class name and "cars" field as parameters.

Reviewer: I know this is old wording here (not yours), but this style drives me crazy.

```suggestion
   To find the manufacturer who makes a specific car object, call ``.linkingObjects()``
   and pass the "Manufacturer" class name and "cars" field as parameters.
```
